 "Beware, brave adventurer, this place is not as it seems. 
 'Tis the times' plague, when madmen lead the blind. 
 Dark forces lurk within these walls, seeking to bend 
 the minds and hearts of all who enter."

 "Oh divine Asatara, hear my lament, I beg you, return my beloved to my side. 
 If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, 
 and he were annihilated,
 the universe would turn to a mighty stranger: I should not seem a part of it. 
 Grant me this one desire, and I shall offer you my undying devotion. 
 I shall suffer any torment, endure any trial, if only you bring him back to me. 
 Oh great goddess of gifts, 
 hear my plea and grant me this most precious of requests. 
 I am yours to command, forever at your mercy."


"Ah hahaha, feel the power of the storm! Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! rage! blow! 
You cataracts and hurricanoes, spout till you have drench'd our steeples, drown'd the cocks! 
You sulphurous and thought-executing fires, vaunt-couriers to oak-cleaving thunderbolts, 
singe my white head! And thou, all-shaking thunder, smite flat the thick rotundity o' the world! 
Crack nature's moulds, an germens spill at once, that make ingrateful man! 
Let the elements unleash their fury upon us, for I am not afraid!"

"Beware, dear player, for you are marked by the god of lawful punishment, Jakata. 
You and your kind have been cursed for your crimes, for your indulgence and excess. 
By the sweat of your brow you will eat your food until you return to the ground, 
since from it you were taken. For dust you are, and to dust you will return."

"Whoever sheds human blood,
by humans shall their blood be shed.
You have broken the sacred law,
And now you must pay the price."

"Then the LORD rained upon the village of Lavendertown brimstone and 
fire from the LORD out of heaven; And he overthrew those cities, 
and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground."


Asatara, the goddess of desire and temptation, might be a suitable name 
for a female deity in a dark fantasy game who is the goddess of gifts, 
feasts, and romantic love, but is also known for being cruel. 
Asatara could be seen as a deity who embodies the primal, 
seductive aspects of human nature, luring mortals towards pleasure and indulgence, 
but also leading them astray and causing them to succumb to their baser instincts. 
As the goddess of gifts, Asatara might be seen as one who bestows lavish and indulgent 
gifts upon her followers, but also as one who encourages them to become obsessed with 
material possessions and status. As the goddess of feasts, Asatara is be revered 
for her ability to provide sumptuous and lavish feasts, but also criticized for her 
role in encouraging gluttony and overindulgence. And as the goddess of romantic love, Asatara 
might be celebrated for her ability to inspire passionate and all-consuming desire, 
but also reviled for her role in causing heartbreak and jealousy. 
Overall, Asatara is a complex and multifaceted deity, revered and feared in equal measure.